docs: vue quick start guide (#2998)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/guides/quick-start/vue-quick-start.md

In our example above, time traveling allows you to hover over individual steps in the testing process to see what is happening in your app.

{% imgTag /img/guides/vue-quick-start/vue-quick-start-05.png "Screenshot of Cypress showing which element is hovered over" %}

And if you click on the step, it will pin the DOM Snapshot so you can analyze it further.

{% imgTag /img/guides/vue-quick-start/vue-quick-start-06.png "Screenshot of Cypress pinning a DOM snapshot" %}

In addition, Cypress logs it to the console for further analysis!

{% imgTag /img/guides/vue-quick-start/vue-quick-start-07.png "Screenshot of Cypress output when test step is clicked on" %}

Here's a short clip of the time travel in action!

{% video local /img/guides/vue-quick-start/vue-quick-start-debugging-02.mp4 %}

With these automatic DOM snapshots, you'll have the {% url "ability to time-travel" test-runner#Hovering-on-Commands %} through the states of your UI for quick debugging or concisely understanding the behavior of your app.

## Next Steps

In this guide, we have covered the essentials you need for getting started, but there is much more in the world of Cypress.

> Thanks for reading our guide and hope it has helped you create more trust in your app.

Reviewer: I can't explain why, but this sentence comes off a bit...odd. I think because it's more focused on our concerns of them trusting our app as opposed their concerns of what they get with Cypress. Maybe below is better?

```suggestion
Thanks for reading our guide and we hope if helps you successfully start testing your Vue applications.
```

Author: Agreed. This does read odd on another pass. How about we keep it short and simple?

`Thanks for reading our guide!`
